DOCSP-33872: Proguard configuration for RN Android (#3107)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/react-native/install.txt

            project ``.xcworkspace`` file that you can work with in
            Xcode to run your application.

>          .. step:: Extending your Proguard configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         .. step:: Extend Android Proguard Configuration
```

>             For the Android app, you might have to extend the
>             Proguard configuration if Proguard is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            You may need to extend your Proguard configuration to use
            it with an Android app.
```

>             Simply add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            In your Proguard configuration, add the following:
```
